but what do we buy asphalt 8 for takeoff
buy
password confirm
cheers payment and bunin weight games 151 super
go
I did not manage to regret to open
asphalt 8 on the tablet so I had to
on the phone and let's see it
learning is loaded for quite a while from and
not all of it is already quite old
iron and my iron does not support
opengl with 20
so all the awesome graphics I will not see
I already see that podlagivaet gelon
barcelona action scene that aunt very
beautiful but blur is on the car so
not everything is so sad by the way damn
guys like that
optimization is awesome
I expected but there are apparently small friezes
this game is even smoother than asphalt 7
which I like on which communication played
on this phone or tablet in volume
including what is now stuck
all clear
ble guys awesome game honestly not
expected thought that the optimization will be
sucks by the way I can even look at
car and you can see that there is visible visible dirt
this is an awesome game damn this super
seriously i'm just shocked this is class
for some reason on the tablet did not work
run
yes there are hours such calls were but in
In general, I even playable, I hope that
Fukuda will appear on the forums config
graphics because for the seventh part
config were there
reduce or whether we are the people the best
graphics
yes you Glados usually not bad on the fourth
ipads on but we have all seven of course
It will be much cooler to look for
Samples accumulate the biggest but here
now try to jump on the springboard
checks but slows down but still
pretty cool
and now fish is learning now
I will switch if loading years here and so
menu looks
a bit like wanted racing 3 too
such is the tape and we can on it
watch our car i level then we
it can possibly be changed yes it is possible
change in from arch to achievements further so
further so their coins are also possible
add for real money therefore
given here too
also present and the game weighs my
worth 1 dollar
that as always very little but that is
cars can be viewed as
bay and this one here on asphalt is famous
her his collection of cars and there are very
so many different classes
No, I am very glad that there is nothing here
practically lag again i think
optimization will be very brutal but
turn out to be very good
painting and for free guys it this
just awesome so and also
tuning our peppa piggy
spare parts we are all game class now still
I will play once and you can finish the volume
so here you can see
so with another typewriter of course yes
it seems like maybe
go to the game to learn she
when the opponents are smaller then the game
noticeable you go usa
I want to say that even tuk
Glare on the road I have seen such
very very beautiful
and when confronted with the machine also
piece of glass an hour it will go down very cool
glare in the sun is also very beautiful yes
Of course , now is not very right and
here it is now flying physics some but
yet it is an arcade and very cool
my long history I remember what else
gaming second and third asphalt
by the way cool cries that's flying well
Thank you all for watching.
likes and write a comment subscribe
on the channel and in general all bye